4.2.19
I decided to a bit of a journal on here to keep a bit of a log as far as my progression in programming as a whole. Sort
of like a blog but you have to keep coming back to my repo to read it. Let me know if this is entertaining for you
if you happen to stumble upon it.

So I am Nick Bueltel, nice to er... meet you?

Anyway, a little bit about my background. lets do this in list format.
* HS - 1 year of java classes
* Air Force - ATC
* some college - 1 comp sci python class
* HS graduation(2010 - now) - general aimlessness and job hopping.
* January this year - started studying programming again.

Basically I have very little experience with programming, and after a conversation with a stranger in a barnes & noble
I decided to pick it back up and start making things for fun, and doing things for fun lead to me discovering that I
was actually pretty good at picking up new stuff in programming, and *gasp* that I actually enjoyed doing it. So I
started doing some basic tutorials and things, going through some no starch press books and began working on some small
scripts to make my IT job easier (really its an industrial production job with a side of IT with no pay raise for doing
so) but anyway, I get to a point where I am like "I can really do this for a job? It seems too good to be true." I started
talking to some old acquaintances and friends that I haven't talked to in years, turns out they are programmers already,
they tell me about who to talk to and what agencies to apply to. So I apply to triplebyte, and some how I get past the
first screener test they provide, I am super nervous and excited about it. I wait about a week heeding a warning from my
friend that I will need to know about "data structures & algorithms" at the time, I had no idea what that even meant
so I did some research and it turns out.... I still didn't know what that meant. So I kind of skipped it and decided
to take the triplebyte second coding challenge anyway..... and fail horribly, and disgracefully. It got to the point I was
just furiously typing questions into google trying to figure out what most of this stuff even meant. I did not pass (obviously)
SO
in comes the idea of joining a bootcamp. probably 60 hours of research later, and im off to the races doing all kinds
of tutorial courses and classes online. Udemy, udacity, lambda school precourse, general assembly precourse, galvanize etc...
its been about 2 weeks since I started those and boy... BOI. I cannot even comprehend how much information and new techniques
I have learned. HTML, CSS, JavaScript. they were all totally foreign to me but now I feel like I have a good handle on them,
I even passed the lambda coding challenge earlier today, which let me tell you. Was in fact a challenge... For me anyway.
Arrays are probably the devil and you cannot change my mind. At least until I learn how to actually use them effectively.

anyway, just wanted to do this for some reason, maybe I'll keep it up, maybe I wont. I hope that if you stumbled across this,
you actually enjoyed a few minutes of reading it.

function isBetter(language){
    yourOpinion = true;
    console.log("python is better than" + language + ". yes. I feel the irony in this, my brain is packed with JS at the moment give me a break ");
    if( yourOpinion !== true){
        return false;
    }
}

4.5.19

Finally the weekend, and I can get some good coding done, after my parttime job tomorrow I am free to code to my hearts content.
I did waste quite a few hours today after work just pretty much piddling around with my macbook, trying to get it ready
for bootcamp. I am currently cloning my hackintosh drive to a 128 gb flashdrive to give a good jumping off point for it.
That way I dont have to waste a bunch of time getting everything reinstalled etc, I can just clone the flash drive to the SSD
once i pick it up tomorrow. I also plan to create some sort of app that will download all of my programs/settings/configs to
whatever machine I may be using in order to make the process of setting up a new mac easier. Once I complete bootcamp and land
a job I will be needing to return the macbook I am using to my part-time boss. or maybe ill just buy it from him at a generous
rate if I end up liking it a lot, though it is outdated so maybe my new workplace would require a newer one... who knows.
anyway, probably wont get much done tonight. probably just going to hit up the arrays lesson on udacity to get my brain
orientated on using them more. might write a few array functions just to practice a bit.

4.7.19

Got quite a bit done this weekend. Got the macbook I am planning on using for bootcamp up and running 100%, did some work
at my part time job. Completed intro to JavaScript on Udacity, and got a good part of the way into the first block
of coding challenges. They aren't that challenging but they are a good way to repetitively practice the fundamentals
of javascript. There are a daunting amount of them that I have to get completed as well. I could skip most of them, but I
feel like that would hinder me in the long run. So most of my studying was done today, but... well... not much I can do
about working 6 days a week. But I did manage to get 20 -40 minutes in on saturday.

4.8.19

Completed DevMountain coding challenge, did a couple of hack reactor exercises, got the interview for Lambda school
scheduled. super tired, only got about 3 hours of sleep last night.

4.10.19

took a day off yesterday due to a family event. Just started front end frameworks on udacity, going to try to complete
that before next week so it will look better on my admissions interview with lambda school.

4.13.19

Finally the weekend, and my part time job is done. I am currently hanging out in a starbucks doing my udacity course on
frameworks, at least until i have to leave to meetup with my buddies for dnd. nevermind, decided to learn backbone.js.
and then that course redirected me to javascript design patterns.

4.22.19

I'm sitting at a desk at weWork the facility that houses General Assembly. I got here about an hour early. Luckily
someone was able to let me in.